https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R0bC6Y9tScYBjrkpp_iomDeXgTuZ2W_O/view?usp=share_link

Answers:

1. There are two servers now. Each server has its own web server, application server, codebase and database. This will help manage the traffic increase and also serve as a backup in case of failure of one server. It also has a HA proxy load balancer to distribute a balanced load among the two servers.

2. It can be either, weighted round robin, where each server is weighed and the server that weighs more gets frequent requests or weighted least connection, where each server is weighed and request is sent to the one with least connections.

3. It uses Active-Active; if at anytime a server fails, request isn't sent to it until it passes health check, which the other one carries on the function. It can also use Active-passive; if at anytime the active server fails, in a heart beat the passive will take over till the other one recovers.

4/5. Primary replica is a primary source server, that is allowed to host read/write availability database. Secondary replica is the server which maintains the full backup copy of primary server, it hosts read-only availability databasae. When they are in a synchronized or Asynchronized mode, during a failover the secondary replica assumes the primary role with or without guarantee of data protection then when the primary replica is available it then takes on the role of secondary replica.


Issues with the infrastructure:

1. SPOF still resides with having one client, over the network. Another issue will be if these two servers reside in the same data center, and in that data center they share the same power source.

2. There are still security issues. It is using HTTP which is not secure as data is being transferred without being encrypted. It lacks firewall meaning any incoming traffic has access to the data.

3. There is no monitoring being done, we don't know whether our web is online, working fast, returning error everytime or monitoring requests.
